# DNA3Dpolycubes
A repository accompanying a manuscript *Universal 3D Nanoscale Assembly with DNA Polycubes*. It contains software tools that are used in the manuscript for design and simulation-driven validation of polycube self-assembled polycube finite-sized as well crystal structures and their subsequent export to DNA strands for experimental realization.  

For a hands-on demonstration, [check out our interactive polycubes web app](https://sulcgroup.github.io/DNA3Dpolycubes/)

## [Sequence design algorithm](SEdesign/)
The sticky end design algorithm that designs orthogonal DNA interaction intefaces on DNA cube blocks.

## [RigidDNA](rigidDNA/)
A coarse-grained molecular dynamics algorithm used for pre-relaxation of large (up to several millions of nucleotides) structures before their validation in oxDNA model

## [oxDNA](oxDNA/) 
A modified version of oxDNA simulation code with custom modifications to support simulations of large DNA nanotechnology systems exceeding three million nucleotides

## [pypatchy](pypatchy/)
A python library for setting up, running, and analyzing patchy particle simulations, including support for polycube systems.
The pypatchy library does not contain a patchy particle model implementation and is designed to work with the patchy particle models, which are located in the [romano](oxDNA/contrib/romano) and [rovigatti](oxDNA/contrib/rovigatti) subfolders of the oxDNA code.


## [Polycubes SAT problem](polycubes_sat/)
Code to convert a 3D cubic lattice structure design - consisting of integer points in 3D space - to a SAT problem.
The SAT problem is then solved by an external SAT solver to generate a set of orthogonal DNA interaction interfaces for self-assembly of the target structure.
A more user-friendly Javascript implementation of this is found in the [polycubes web app](polycubes_web_app).
A more detailed and object-oriented implementation of this is integrated into [pypatchy library](pypatchy/design/sat).

## [Polycubes stochastic assembly web app](polycubes_web_app/)
The polycubes web application is a graphic user interface for design and assembly of polycubes structures. 

## [Polycubes stochastic assembly (fast implementation)](polycubes_cpp/)
The Polycube C++ stochastic lattice simulation program that is used to validate candidate rules generated by the SAT solver
A user-friendly Javascript implementation of this is found in the polycubes web app.


[//]: # (## [ipy_oxDNA]&#40;ipy_oxDNA/&#41; )
[//]: # (Python script library for manipulation of oxDNA structures. These libraries are required for setting up oxDNA simulations and conversion of simulation-validated  )



----
